Refactor backend challenge (#5)
tivonahaug/pana-backend-challenge: README.md

# Pana Backend Code Challenge

## The Brief

Pana contracts with a number of different businesses (_businesses_ table) to supply their travel needs.  Each of those businesses have a number of employees (_employees_ table) which can access Pana in order to schedule, book, and modify their upcoming trips. However, each business has unique information they want to store about individual employees in Pana.  This information will help them track their travel and do month end reconciliation. 

For example:

ABC Corp wants to store custom fields _Employee ID_ and _Cost Center_ with each of their employees. (The employee id is ABC's internal id, not Pana's).

Dunder Mifflin wants to store custom fields _Sales Ranking_ and _Michael Scott Rating_. 

> Other businesses may want more custom fields, other companies may want fewer.  There may be between 0 to N custom fields per business.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add this?
```suggestion
Other businesses may want more custom fields, other companies may want fewer.  There may be between 0 to N custom fields per business. The solution you choose should support these other businesses' custom fields without requiring additional engineering work.
```

## The Challenge

Using the included API server and your code wizardry, the goal is to implement functionality which allows custom data to be associated with a business' travel employees that are stored in the database.

> The goal of this task is to build an understanding of how you would structure databases and APIs, so no coding is actually necessary. We will use a whimsical doc and `NOTES.md` to write out your thoughts.

Reviewer: _Can_ we share a Whimsical doc with the candidate and have them edit it?

Author: Oh yeah I need to remove this line. We cannot :(

### Before You Get Started

> We recognize that doing anything within a tight time constraint is an extra level of challenge that you won't face in your day to day job as an engineer.  The goal of this challenge isn't for you to complete everything but for us to get a sense of how you solve problems, so if you don't end up finishing the "core requirements" in the time allotted that is not immediate cause for concern.  Please ask any clarifying questions and work through your thought process as visibly as possible.  We're excited to see what you create!

Reviewer: I like calling out the fact that the interview may be successful without finishing everything as well as the request for asking clarifying questions and thinking out loud. 👍🏼

## Requirements

### Core Requirements

> - Implement a method to store custom data related to an employee.

Reviewer: Are we actually asking for a schema design here? I see the question below about writing a query but nothing about the table structure.

```suggestion
- Design a schema to store custom data related to an employee.
```
